README.md, before:

# FeedSink

**TODO: Add description**

## Installation

If [available in Hex](https://hex.pm/docs/publish), the package can be installed
by adding `feed_sinker` to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:

```elixir
def deps do
  [
    {:feed_sinker, "~> 0.1.0"}
  ]
end
```

Documentation can be generated with [ExDoc](https://github.com/elixir-lang/ex_doc)
and published on [HexDocs](https://hexdocs.pm). Once published, the docs can
be found at [https://hexdocs.pm/feed_sinker](https://hexdocs.pm/feed_sinker).


#### Requirements
1. Elixir
2. Postgres: 
     user: postgres, password: postgres
3. Redis: 
    No password
4. Check config/config.exs

#### To setup the project: 
 $ mix setup

#### To start: 
 $ mix run --no-halt


####  Architecture
1. Application starts
    - Repo
    - Task Supervisor
    - calls a fn to add to Task Supervisor - [1]

2. Fn to add to Task Supervisor [1]
    - Adds a supervised task for each feed  source with transient restart - [2]

3. [2] starts tasks to download the feed from the source at mentioned interval with temporary restart - [3]

4. [3] downloads the feed, normalize and adds to ExQ for persisting

Commit message:

Changed fn name & Added to README.md

README.md, after:

# FeedSink

**TODO: Add description**

## Installation

If [available in Hex](https://hex.pm/docs/publish), the package can be installed
by adding `feed_sinker` to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:

```elixir
def deps do
  [
    {:feed_sinker, "~> 0.1.0"}
  ]
end
```

Documentation can be generated with [ExDoc](https://github.com/elixir-lang/ex_doc)
and published on [HexDocs](https://hexdocs.pm). Once published, the docs can
be found at [https://hexdocs.pm/feed_sinker](https://hexdocs.pm/feed_sinker).


#### Requirements
1. Elixir
2. Postgres: 
     user: postgres, password: postgres
3. Redis: 
    No password
4. Check config/config.exs

#### To setup the project: 
 $ mix setup

#### To start: 
 $ mix run --no-halt


####  Architecture
1. Application starts
    - Repo
    - Task Supervisor
    - calls a fn to add to Task Supervisor - [1]

2. Fn to add to Task Supervisor [1]
    - Adds a supervised task (Feed downloader for source X) for each feed source with transient restart - [2]

3. [2] starts tasks to download the feed from the source at mentioned interval with temporary restart - [3]

4. [3] downloads the feed, normalize and adds to ExQ for persisting

5. Adapaters for feed sources should be added as per the `FeedSourceAdapter` behaviour and they should be added to `config.ex`

6. Description of application usecase and acceptance criteria: https://forza-assignment.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html

7. `Feed downloader for source X` restarts on failure starting the process again by taking the state variables (last_updated_timestamp) from DB if required.
